uh tim donated two dollars ah basta  steel said he has a bigger  said his penis is bigger than yours  and that you ran away from his offer for  a fight is it true  he never challenged me to a fight as far  as i know  yeah jasmine says he  she doesn't mind if i fight him  [Music]  [Applause]  i just won't let go huh  like a dog with a frisbee it's pretty  sick man you pretend to be my friend  for a full year  and then you bust my ass  that takes somebody really cold-blooded  man somebody not even human  what the hell are you doing here i'm  working what the hell you doing here you  little punk i spent six months in prison  because of you it ain't right  [Music]  this ain't no game flash  real guns  real bullets  it's dangerous  [Music]  danger's my middle name  mine's cornelius  tell anybody i kill you  come here  [Music]  you really read that one oh so you know  who i am james alexander dix quarterback  for the la stallions 89 90  banned from the league on gambling  charges  allegations of drug abuse  another tragic tale of wasted youth  now you're starting to piss me off about  [ __ ] time  [Music]  i'm a private detective you're like  [ __ ] low life for me  [Music]  [Music]  play some rap music  the last boy scout and i heard you on  the radio talk about me and flex was  laughing and i don't like that [ __ ] i  really don't appreciate that [ __ ] right  uh he's just [ __ ]  uh everything he says and does  is pretty [ __ ] [ __ ]  and you think this [ __ ] is funny  i'm gonna show you it's not funny [ __ ]  no  it's not funny  it's not [ __ ] funny and you're  gonna understand you understand what i'm  [ __ ] done to anything in here all  right  maybe that [ __ ] a little crazy or  something  put you in trouble [ __ ] [ __ ] with the  wrong one [ __ ] uh i don't know like  he'll talk about me  but then he will ramble incoherently  about  communism  uh how big his penis is  [ __ ] you don't know a bit when you see  a [ __ ] pimp  he'll bring up weird random [ __ ] like  that and never get to any [ __ ] point  tim don't need two dollars would you  debate about the seal for a thousand  yeah sure sounds like you guys need to  clear the air and no we don't i don't  know why the [ __ ] i'd really want to  talk rich i'mma say [ __ ] nice and slow  for you for the last time i'm gonna [ __ ]  up your life man [ __ ] up your life  [Music]  to say i grew up with hip-hop music and  hip-hop culture  it doesn't mean anything more than  saying i grew up watching sesame street  or uh that i grew up watching jerry  seinfeld on tv some of you could say you  grew up with star trek or star wars but  yeah for a whole lot of guys in my  generation  we grew up with rap music  and rap music meant  more to us as we got into our teenage  years as we got into our early adulthood  because rap music was about things that  really mattered  in adult life  in a way that sesame street was not  in a way that bob dylan  was not so you know in saying  i sort of come from a hip-hop background  a rap music background i have never been  a rapper i have never been involved with  the culture of the streets that is to  some extent you know  glorified and to some extent condemned  in rap music and like if you grew up  listening to country western music that  doesn't mean you've ever ridden a horse  it doesn't mean you ever were  a cowboy right  but a great example of how rap music and  hip-hop culture continues to be relevant  to my life as an adult right now  is this kind of conflict  on youtube  i  look i came at vegan gains pretty hard i  have criticized and condemned this guy  harshly  for years  and guess what  he built his reputation  by criticizing and harshly condemning  an unbelievably  long list of people  none of whom deserved that critique and  condemnation half as much  as he did himself but look man  my attitude is this is like two rappers  going at it this is like two mcs and  each one is saying that they're the best  in the microphone and saying that other  guy he's a fraud he's a phony  he ain't the one to follow instead  it's me like i don't really see anything  evil or mean spirited in that just as  much as  rap music is an art form what we do here  on this microphone  on youtube is in our form and i think  there can be a sense  of fair play up to remarkably late in  this game  richard at least pretended to be cool  with the criticism i was directing his  way i don't think he ever really was  cool with it i think he is the kind of  dude who sits on his ass  and keeps scorn on others and then is  shocked when it happens to him  when he first fed his dog  meat  when he started buying dead deer  i forget which species it was deer  antelope elk he started buying game meat  to feed to his pet dog raw it was a big  scandal in the vegan movement  here's this vegan  feeding his pet dog chopped up pieces of  other animals that he keeps in his  freezer you know i made youtube videos  addressing it and i criticized him  harshly  i don't think that's what he wanted to  hear  i don't think he ever really forgave me  for that i don't think his wife  ever really forgave me for that but you  see this is the thing  how he's gonna feel about it  is up to him what direction he's gonna  take it in  is up to him he could  have the mature detached attitude that  in the same way that he  has gone after  athlean x in the same way that he has  gone after and harshly criticized john  venus innumerable  bodybuilders you know some vegans some  ex-vegans some who have nothing to do  with veganism the way in which he's gone  after and harshly criticize other people  it could be like  well you know  fair is fair  he could just have the attitude it comes  with the territory it's his turn  and he could even bounce back in a  good-natured humble way i think richard  really resented the criticism i directed  his way for years  and  in his own mind this provided a pretext  for the construction of this fable that  in some sense  i'm guilty for  the police breaking his door down now  you guys have already seen in earlier  videos i have the clips of him exactly  saying that  the first version of that fantasy that  he said on camera and i don't know if  someone pointed out to him that it was  like chronologically impossible and  didn't make any sense was that he blames  me  for the police breaking down his door  he then made the allegation a lot more  vague but it's still obviously a lie and  can't possibly be true he's like well  well well it's not specifically that  he's blaming me it's not that he's  saying i called the cops on him it's not  that he's saying i'm a snitch  it's not that he's saying i'm  responsible for the police kicking down  his door he just really vaguely thinks  i'm responsible  for encouraging someone else  from my audience  to find out his address  and  call the police that's  quite an allegation already he has no  screenshots to back this up he doesn't  have a screenshot of something i said on  twitter he doesn't have a timestamp and  like a link to one of my youtube videos  in which i ever said or did  anything of the kind and then beyond  that i'm a tiny channel and i have an  unusually erudite audience i have the  kind of audience who puts up with  listening to me lecture about aristotle  and socrates for innumerable hours i  have the type of audience that's willing  to tune in and listen to my critique of  joe biden's latest policy paper on china  and southeast asian geopolitical  strategy those are the kind of viewers i  have  and i don't have too  many of them so if richard wanted to  blame  someone else if you want to blame  someone else for stoking up fear and  hatred against them in the audience and  inspiring people to  dox him find out where he lived and call  the police and report on the way  can you think  of any other  youtube channel can you think of a  youtube channel with a larger audience  of people who might be really highly  motivated to try to get revenge on  richard look if the point is here for  richard to blame someone else for him to  blame someone other than himself for why  he was on probation in the first place  and whatever it was that happened to him  once he was on probation if he wants to  blame someone else  you don't think there are  millions of muslims  who were offended by the videos he made  criticizing and insulting the prophet  muhammad you don't think there were  millions of people  who might fit the profile for who would  dox him who would call the police who  would harass him in this way  rather than blaming me rather than  blaming her you don't think there are  millions of fans of the bodybuilders  whom he insulted the bodybuilders whose  reputation imputed  innumerable people sometimes it was just  like random teenage girls on the  internet whom he singled out for  criticism sometimes he was singling  people for criticism for being guilty of  the same crimes he's committed himself i  remember him criticizing a girl who  owned a horse well guess what richard  owned a horse he owned two horses i  remember he criticized the girl for  feeding her pets meat while claiming to  be vegan well guess what richard fed his  pets me well he was vegan there's no  limit to the hypocrisy and dishonesty of  this guy but over the years of that kind  of misbehavior again and again and again  over the years of him publishing  completely unfounded rape accusations  against some and with just as little  foundation defending others against rape  accusations of all the controversies  he's been involved in that would inspire  at least one person to call the cops  with good intentions or bad intentions  why do you think it is he's making an  excuse and coming after me and why do  you think in a sense he's coming after  you he's blaming the audience  on this channel well i have an answer  and in a sense we all already knew the  answer the answer is that richard is a  hypocrite that richard is in the promise  of our times a whiny [ __ ] who dishes it  out  but just can't take it he's someone who  will point the finger at others and say  no no no your anecdotal experience  doesn't matter your subjective feelings  don't matter only this peer-reviewed  science matters and then the minute it's  him  taking the pills the minute it's him  defending pseudoscience all of a sudden  the only thing that matters to him is  what  his subjective experience his anecdotal  example and he so easily he so quickly  he so hypocritically  dismisses that mountain of peer-reviewed  research and we could say the same  things all over again with his  transgressions against the cult of  veganism with his decision to kill  animals and feed meat to his own pet dog  for his own convenience and the excuses  he offered for that while other people's  excuses for the compromises they make in  life only win from him his endless rage  his endless scorn  richard is simply the picture of an  aging video game addict an aging  caffeine addict and now an aging  prescription drug addict  clinging to the last few years of his  life  as his fame  fades  hey  hey how you doing now what the [ __ ] is  the matter man  you call me 50 [ __ ] times for  what oh i just might talk to you you  know i'm concerned about you you know  uh i talked to mom mom's worried sick  about you i mean for the last three days  she has the end chance of sleep i  understand why you do this you keep it  up buddy you're gonna go to hell i'm  going to hell yeah you already in here  [ __ ] all you do sit in front of  my computer all day yeah i'm in front of  computers all the time you know why  because i'm smart and you're jealous of  me because i'm smart you ain't got no  [ __ ] common sense probably  saying you need [ __ ] money dude  i want to tell you one thing okay before  you leave i just wanna tell you one  thing you're not tough  i know you i'll kick your [ __ ]  ass girl richard you know what people  ask me about you  they ask when did you stop caring they  ask when did you lose the will to live  when did you stop being motivated by  this mission you were on  to help the animals  to make the world a better place  and the truth is you never gave a damn  about that mission  because you could never be motivated  to be a better man  yourself and without taking those first  few steps to become a better person  you're in no position  to make the world a better place